Use thread lock when refreshing `Token` using given `callable` (#1145)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [5.5.1] - 10-02-23

> ### Fixed
> - Fix `CredentialProvider` `Token` to be thread safe when given a callable that does token refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
- Change `CredentialProvider` `Token` to be thread safe when given a callable that does token refresh.
```
